#summary Launcher for XBMC Main wiki


For information about using Launcher for XBMC 9.04 "Babalyon" (current stable XBMC release) please see [Legacy_Launcher Launcher 1.04]

= Introduction =
XBMC-Launcher is a plugin that used to launch and run windows or linux applications including emulators within the XBMC GUI. 

= Installation =
Launcher is in the XBMC official Add-ons repository. To install Go to System --> Add-ons --> Get Add-ons --> All Add-ons (or XBMC.org Add-ons) --> Program Add-ons --> Launcher then chose install.

To enjoy thumbnails place an image in the same folder as the rom with the same name as the rom but different file extension. The following formats are supported png, jpg, gif, and bmp. For example if you have an rom named 'Blaster Master (U).zip' then the thumbnail should be named 'Blaster Master (U).jpg' The image files need to be there before you import files from the path.


= Plugin Features =

  * Run an application with arguments.
  * Run a file from directory using given application.
  * Full work with the GUI with. (add application, remove, add files, etc..) 
  * Search for applications/game titles under a specific Launcher or search all Launchers.


= Planned Features =
  * Search & Download images for applications and files using a search engine.


= Known Issues =
  * Add-on may hang when importing files from path.(requires XBMC restart)
  * Order of roms in launcher may not be in alphabetical order until you exit the Launcher and reenter. 
  * If using XBMC-Live you may need to install and launch a [Linux_Emulators Windows Manager].